Add web contributing/workflow docs (#289)
mbauman/AdvisoryDB.jl: web/about/index.md

- Export advisories in the standard [OSV format](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/) for downstream consumers
- Search and import applicable advisories from upstream databases (NVD, EUVD, GitHub)

## Contributing

> Anyone can submit or update advisories via pull request. See the [contributing guide](/about/contributing/) for details, the [advisory schema](/about/schema/) for the file format, and the [publication workflow](/about/workflow/) for an overview of the full advisory lifecycle. For disclosure of serious issues, please email `security@julialang.org`.

Author: ```suggestion
Anyone can submit or update advisories via pull request. See the [contributing guide](/about/contributing/) for details, the [advisory schema](/about/schema/) for the file format, and the [publication workflow](/about/workflow/) for an overview of the full advisory lifecycle. Report any potentially-exploitable security issues privately, either following the package security policy (if it has one), contacting the maintainer(s) directly, or by mailing `security@julialang.org`.
```
